chore: 1.0.0-beta.92 (#615)
Redocly/openapi-cli: docs/changelog.md

# OpenAPI CLI changelog

## 1.0.0-beta-92 (2022-04-04)

### Features

> - Introduced [assertions](./resources/rules/assertions.md) - new powerful lint feature, which helps to enforce API design standards without coding custom rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced [assertions](./resources/rules/assertions.md) - a new, powerful lint feature, which helps you enforce API design standards without coding custom rules.
```

> - Added `--skip-decorator` option to the `push` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `push` command supports a new `--skip-decorator` option.
```

### Fixes

> - Resolved an issue with `openapi preview-docs` fail during authorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Resolved an issue with `openapi preview-docs` failing during authorization.
```
